app:
Contains the app's navigation, which is file-based. The file structure of the app directory determines the app's navigation.
The app has two routes defined by two files: app/(tabs)/index.tsx and app/(tabs)/explore.tsx. The layout file in app/(tabs)/_layout.tsx sets up the tab navigator.

assets:
The assets directory contains adaptive-icon.png used for Android and an icon.png used for iOS as app icons. It also contains splash.png which is an image for the project's splash screen and a favicon.png if the app runs in a browser.

components:
Contains React Native components, like ThemedText.tsx, which creates text elements that use the app's color scheme in light and dark modes.

constants:
Contains Colors.ts, which contains a list of color values throughout the app.

hooks:
Contains React Hooks, which allows sharing common behavior between components. For example, useThemeColor() is a hook that returns a color based on the current theme.

scripts:
Contains reset-project.js, which can be run with npm run reset-project. This script will move the app directory to app-example, and create a new app directory with an index.tsx file.

app.json:
Contains configuration options for the project and is called the app config. These options change the behavior of your project while developing, building, submitting, and updating your app.

package.json:
The package.json file contains the project's dependencies, scripts, and metadata. Anytime a new dependency is added to your project, it will be added to this file.

Features
The default project template has the following features:

1. File-based routing:
The app has two screens: app/(tabs)/index.tsx and app/(tabs)/explore.tsx. The layout file in app/(tabs)/_layout.tsx sets up the tab navigator.

2. Android, iOS, and web support
You can open this project on Android, iOS, and the web. To open the web version, press w in the terminal after running the project.

3. Images
For static images, you can use the @2x and @3x suffixes to provide images for different screen densities.

4. Custom fonts
Open app/_layout.tsx to see how to load custom fonts.

5. Light and dark modes
This template has light and dark mode support. The useColorScheme() hook lets you inspect the user's current color scheme, so that you can adjust UI colors accordingly.

6. Animations
The components/HelloWave.tsx component uses the Animated API to create a waving hand animation. On iOS, the components/ParallaxScrollView.tsx creates a parallax effect for the header image.